Hello folks.
Good evening.
Why the hell am I live? I don't know why
I'm
um
but I figured I would do some work
because there's so much left to do.
Let's get a quick word count here.
It's pretty good.
Honestly,
this being all the code,
I've got some ice cream. I'm going to
sit here for a few minutes. We're going
to sort of think about some stuff and
then we're going to do a couple of
refactor ops.
What do we have? We've got 26 2700
lines. Think
we'll just have this sit on.
Let's just flip the screen over to this.
Think maybe that is safe.
I think this is like a good thing to
look at, right?
Hello folks.
Evening.
I'm not sure if I'm a fan of the way
we're doing
our policies here, you know.
First of all, I don't know if I want to
use C++ classes at all.
And second of all, the way we're
registering buffers seems really
bloated. No.
I guess it's cuz it's split, right?
Okay, this append param shape should not
have to exist at all.
So, we'll see why that exists.
I don't know why this has to exist,
honestly.
Hello, Yongen. Welcome.
I guess I see some of the um the issue
though, right? So,
you essentially it's because you're
registering the shape.
You register the shape, right?
And then after you register the shape,
right, you then have to init the
network.
I think I have orthogonal on everything
right now.
Remember
back when stuff didn't work because we
had bad initializations and bad
activations? That was janky.
That's more than a decade ago now.
I kind of see why I have it this way
though.
That's right. Just her activations.
Let's look at the forward pass.
Well, this is pretty clean.
Some of this is a bit of messy, right?
Little messy.
Well, because like
there's no mini layer.
It's just all bashed.
That's not great.
So, this isn't even super long.
It's just that it's all together. And
then I don't know what this is for.
Everything else here kind of makes
sense.
I don't know why we have two separate
register functions as well.
I should just go on a knit if we're
going to do it that way.
just the grouping and stuff kind of
sucks.
So like let's say that we think that
there's a fair bit of code saved here,
okay?
Like because admittedly this is a really
shitty way to write networks
and just looking at this code does not
bring joy, right?
It's pretty impressive. It's this short.
Uh, but this does not bring joy
at all.
I don't know why we need that.
I mean, really quite a bit of the code's
kind of bad right now. No,
at least that's all there is of it.
It's really not that that long anymore,
huh?
We got some kernels up here.
At least some of this will get deleted.
It's like on one hand this is actually
really really good use case for just C++
constructor all the registration stuff
on the other hand I don't really like to
have um bunch of C++ classes
also. Do they even need their own
functions?
Their own register functions? I suppose
they do.
I'm positive.
Ice cream is done.
Dietary requirements. Extra calories
needed.
And if you're a super sore from leg day
the previous day, add some ice cream for
dessert. It'll work wonders.
Well, this is the worst of both worlds
here, right?
Train graph.
This is like the dumbest possible to
use, right?
We have separated
I don't know how we get to this point,
right?
This is the dumbest possible use
that we're creating this crap
and then separately somehow registering
it.
Oh, because it's just destruct. Huh?
Oh, that's so weird, man.
That is so weird.
Now, you definitely don't need a
constructor.
Let's just go through and do the CC tag
thing that I do where we kind of just
like add a bunch of tags on like add a
bunch of comment tags.
Hey Pico, what kernel is this?
Uh, this is not a kernel. This is the
whole training file. So, take a look.
This is the source directory. So, this
is everything in puffer. Uh, everything
in the new train back end. You can
ignore this file. This is our like web
thingy.
It's just these five files. Total is if
you take this out uh just under 4500
lines
and it's all CUDA so that you can call
launch functions from anywhere and you
don't have to expose additional like you
don't need additional headers to expose
stuff. So the whole thing is just
compiled in VCC. It's very nice. And
right now we have 1,000 lines worth of
models crap which doesn't have any
inline kernels but calls launch
functions from here. And we have uh
1,600ish lines of native kernels.
And I think there's quite a bit of bloat
here. And there's a little bit of bloat
here. So what I'd like to do is I'd like
to get more stuff into kernels and
compact it a little. This will end up
about the same size. I want to cut a few
hundred lines out of this of bloat.
And I'd like to end this somewhere south
of 4,000 lines.
But we're not going to do that by uh
onelining if statements like a bunch of
goons.
like a mega kernel.
No, this is not one kernel.
Um,
so the idea, right, you don't have to
just write kernels in CU files.
uh if you write in stop CU you have
access you can write C you can write C++
and you can write CUDA.
So if you split your stuff up so that
your kernels are in CU files and your uh
and the launch functions also have to be
there. Uh well actually look if you
write your stuff in a CU file and then
you call it from a C++ first of all you
need to write a launch function in the
CU because the launch syntax is requires
CUDA. So first you have to write one
wrapper function for every kernel and
then you have to write a header function
for every kernel because you can't
include the kernel code directly in the
C++. So you essentially have to add two
additional things for every single
kernel, right? Whereas if I just write
everything in CU, I don't need launch
functions because I can just call
launches directly.
I don't need a launch function and I
don't need the extra header. So I save
two spaces. is I save two twofold
redundancy right there.
And there's really no downside to this
at all.
That's cool. Yeah, I think so.
I definitely think so.
So much crap code in here though, man.
We'll have to do it in passes.
We'll leave the allocators alone for now
though.
Cryobuffers.
Okay, we'll leave these ones alone for
now.
Leave this one alone.
It's kind of weird.
Yeah, we'll leave this alone for now.
Yeah, super stupid with how this is
best reporting cell play.
Uh, we've been working on a client
project, man,
but it's obviously going to have to get
done.
The thing is,
the code still is a mess, Jess. I'm
trying my best to get to be not a mess
tonight. As you can see, I am here at
8:00 p.m. putting in extra work.
So,
I'm doing what I
We're going to see if I get bitten in
the ass for this, but
I'm try this.
Sorry if I'm coming off. No, man. You
are good. Don't need you worry. I want
to hear more chess updates for sure.
I've just been fighting the demons for a
few days here.
Look,
we got uh this subtract this. So, we've
got 4500 lines of code and I need to get
it down to 4,000 lines of code or less.
I think that would probably be pretty
slim.
Well, that's kind of a proxy.
Realistically, I just have to make the
code not suck.
Mhm.
How many of these are dumb at the bottom
here?
At least some of these are dumb, right?
I really want to just drop the
orthogonal in it and risk it, but I know
I shouldn't.
I think this is going to make this file
a little longer unfortunately before it
gets shorter.
If we end negative lines though for
tonight, I'll be happy.
Even something like this.
I have to think about this to see if
this is completely dumb or not. Right.
like what is Yes.
Yeah. The plan for tonight, it's 8. I'm
going to do a couple hours of this. Um,
I want to get the models CU into like
more C style simple
simple code.
I don't think we're going to completely
eliminate the C++ today, but I think I
want to get it closer.
I like the more I see like, oh, this C++
thing, that C++ thing, they always look
useful, but then I'm never sad that I
removed them.
It's just a bad language.
Yeah,
the thing that like
Alec.redge
It's a little awkward the fact that you
have to do
all the registrations first. I suppose.
It's kind of a nice way to enforce
static though.
is there actually a way to do um
is Is there actually a way to do it this
way?
Let me look that up. I actually don't
know.
I'm like wondering if there's actually a
way to restrict
No, this is not good.
I think not terrible.
Good to see
you. You just write C and you just don't
use the C++
So much C++ junk in here.
Let's see what the code looks like after
I do this at least.
Let's see what it looks like.
quite refactor.
What do we have here?
Whole bunch of errors.
And here
Okay, we'll just do that for now.
It's very stupid.
Include suck.
It didn't get longer at the very least,
right?
Dude, how stupid is this thing? Holy
crap. It didn't put them in. Um,
okay. Well, this thing did it completely
[__] wrong.
All right. Should I just do this myself?
Probably be more fun.
Why don't we
I just throw some music on and like
start manually refactoring some stuff.
Probably be nice to see um
the amount of damage that we've done to
the code base. Probably the best way to
figure it out.
All right, we're going to do some real
refactors. [__] off, Claude. You're
stupid.
At least if it builds.
I want at least start with a working
build.
Okay.
double dipping today.
I'm doing two streams, my guy
Try to rebuild without force.
Way better, right?
some C++ brain damage.
What the [__] is this brain damage?
Holy.
I honestly can't even do this by hand.
The code is still too bad.
That's disgusting.
That's like disgusting. I literally
can't edit the code by hand. It's that
bad. Well, we're nowhere near done.
Yeah, this will be much better.
It's crazy though. I start editing the
code manually and 30 seconds in
I just hit like what the hell C++.
I know it's not even that complicated,
right? I know it's just like a
constructor called in the default
initializer thing, but it's gross and I
don't want to deal with that [__] Like,
language got too much syntax.
Doesn't even help you.
What part of the code? I'll show you.
All right, look at this.
Like,
okay, you got this default constructor
that does nothing.
And then you got this thing that like in
the initializer list calls the
constructor
of the encoder. So it's implicit on the
encoder. The constructor and then this
one and then this one. So it calls three
constructors
and then the setters. Like
what the [__]
No.
You'll see when I'm done with it. Like,
it's literally simpler the code and it's
the same length in C. Why the [__] would
you ever do this?
Cuz like I can't edit one piece of this.
Like I'd have to move this I guess into
this.
I guess you could do it, but I don't
even want this function to exist, right?
It's just C++ brain raw.
It's like you look at any one piece of
the language and it's like, "Oh, okay. I
could see that being a reasonable
language feature, but then every single
stupid thing they've bolted on to C, you
can just do it in C and it's easier."
That looks like normal C++ to me.
Exactly. But normal C++ is X. You're
going to see I'm going to rewrite this
stuff. It's going to end up mostly C
style. It's going to be the same amount
of code shorter and it's going to be
less prep.
It's just a bad language, man.
The C++ is inherited from torch, right?
Because like we refactored it to be C++
without torch.
But then what if we just have nice two
to C?
Like technically it has to be C++
compatible whatever because it's you
know NVCC compiles C++
but um you can just write C.
What the heck did it just do?
Okay, this is what we wanted.
Lose market share. No,
not at all.
So we have uh first of all this is all
torch compatible. You can literally just
call from blob on our tensors and run
whatever torch ops you want. Uh we're
going to have a Python fallback. Like if
you want to just run stuff in the Python
and have it be faster than every other
library other than Puffer but five times
slower than Puffer native, you can.
But if you want to run train at 15 to 20
million steps per second, you can use
our native code. And guess what? It's
literally shorter than the torch.
So before I got rid of the torch, right,
the torch C++, which was gross, awful
torch C++ with a million things you had
to learn in order to understand what was
going on, I had 3500 lines. Now I have
4,500 lines without Torch, and it's
going to end up being under 4,000 by the
time I'm done with it. So what the hell
is the point of torch? tell me that
it's also literally faster. It's fully
deterministic, fully reproducible
experiments now. Um,
it's all static memory. No dynamic
memory allocations. No running out of
memory mid training run anymore.
Telling you, autograph is a scam.
Okay, this is literally the same amount
of code as we had before as well for
having changed that.
It's not good yet though, don't worry.
This is not what I consider good. This
is called This is considered getting
there.
It's just so crap, man.
Is so bad.
It's just a million little incremental
refactor ops and they'll be good.
It's all it is.
Who wants to get the same treatment?
So good, right?
See, this is crap. But if we end up
deleting most of these, it's no longer
crap.
This is fine.
Yeah, I know how to refactor this now.
I'm still going to use the stupid
language model for it because it's just
so much code to change.
But even the compact here is like it's
just burning tokens.
I think I'll just do a new session of
this
kind of crazy.
What am I supposed to do though?
It's kind of funny. You know, I'm
probably going to know that I'm done
with this. I'm done refactoring when I
notice that I've been refactoring by
hand for a few days and I haven't wanted
to use the language model.
That'll be how I know it's good.
Cuz when I'm writing like when I'm
writing sim code, I don't feel like
using the stupid language model
constantly. I kind of just write my sim
code.
It's only when stuff is a complete mess.
It's like, well, what the hell am I
supposed to do?
Okay, code's the exact same length it
was before. No more C++
right right here. Pray policy right
There we go. Much better.
No, you [__]
This thing is so [__]
tries to stick them all under the
[__] encoder. Like,
god damn.
So stupid.
There we go.
This is it, right? That wasn't hard, now
was it?
Okay, this one.
So, this one's a little complicated.
That's fine. But this is at least
better.
That does this. Great.
We end up with three.
So, we only merge two.
Okay. Well,
that's better than nothing.
Oops.
What the hell are we doing?
Wait, what the [__]
Why is it like this?
Well, if this is the design, then it's
[__]
Great. So then the design is what's the
problem
if you can't merge these
Why can't these two get merged?
I mean this one I Understand?
Let's see.
That's quite [__]
We're going to have to redesign some
stuff.
Okay, this is actually genuinely kind of
complicated.
Hang on, let me figure this out.
So why
register activations
and register inference? Why are these
different?
Register activations. Register
inference.
Okay, this one I understand.
Oh, is this for training?
This is for training.
Yeah, this is still stupid, right?
So, this is the encoder in it.
I guess the only one I don't understand
is these. I don't understand why we
can't purchase this.
doesn't need. Okay, I see.
We don't need this.
Okay. So, this is where um this is why
Autobrad exists.
It's not the right solution, but I see
the problem that they had. Cool.
Well, actually, I don't see the problem
they hit because this is way more um
this is way more sophisticated than
anything Torch has to be fair. This is
all static memory,
multibuffer rollouts.
Options. Options. Options.
Well, I mean, this is actually something
like
this is pretty sophisticated. Cool.
That's real stuff we're building.
Um, I still have to figure out a way to
do this that doesn't suck, though.
So the idea is some stuff you got to
save during inference.
can't have four freaking functions.
I suppose I can try to explain the
problem I'm facing here. So
when you init the encoder, you have to
specify how much space you need for the
prams and graphs. All the allocations
happen at once. So you just tell it how
much space you need and then the init
happens later. That's why there's a
separate init weights. Okay. But That's
kind of okay. But now the thing is
there's also these two different
register activations functions.
Uh the there's a register activations
that is used for training
that that creates all the buffers that
you need for the network for training
and then there's one for inference. But
because we do inference on a bunch of
workers in parallel, you end up creating
several of those
How the hell do I do this without just
writing a C++ class?
Well, see, now the annoying thing is
because I've seen it in the C++ class, I
have the mental bias. If I hadn't seen
that, how would I do it?
It's grouped completely
Let's see what that looks like.
What made you think about trying neural
layer norm and neural 3 um drive project
with NYU? It was like a small
enhancement.
We're going to try actually I think we
can do with it. We can probably do
without it now.
I don't know. There's some stuff we got
to do though, Jess.
That's where
Man
Kind of tough design problem, isn't it?
Uh, this is going to make it really
shitty to have multiple
networks, isn't it?
If I don't have a base class.
[__]
I might have to accept a very small
amount of C++ to do this.
I see how I can combine all the
functions.
[__] I don't actually think C. I don't
even think that saves us here.
Hang on. Does it?
Yes. Wait, it does.
We can do something super minimal.
Let's assume I can do it cuz I think I
can
No, but you don't want that, do you?
Yes.
The thing is you actually want all these
functions is the annoying thing.
I'm looking at it.
I mean, what can I say? It's a pretty
damn complicated app, right? We've got
parallel rollouts.
There's no way around this if you want
parallel roll out to static memory.
It's at least not needless complexity.
We'll be able to bind them under one
clean interface though.
We'll make it not yet.
We can easily do the same thing with the
decoder.
It's just going to be a couple of name
spaces, right?
But we can still mostly have the same
thing.
Yeah, I think we can just clean apply
this to everything.
Okay, this is fine.
Okay. So, it's doing stupid things, but
we can correct this.
and there's so much to be done
Okay. What we're going to do,
we'll separate it first and then there's
going to have to be an interface
cuz like I'm realizing
Well, we can I don't know if you can do
that with type defs.
You can do void star encoder, but I
don't like that.
That seems shitty to me.
I'm thinking what we're doing with these
interface like this There.
Yeah.
This is probably the main section where
like
if this is bad then puffer is bad
is the problem with this. We can forgive
bloat elsewhere. We cannot forgive bloat
here.
22 mil that's eval SPS at the end of
training dude. That's also on my low-end
machine though. also tiny network but it
solves.
Yeah, convert this is torch free.
There's no torch.
Okay.
should not have constructor.
This is better.
This looks worse, but this is going to
be better. Trust me.
Because it looks like a bunch of code.
It's going to be less code.
And actually, we've only added all this
so far. We've only added 30 lines.
So, we haven't actually made that much
of a mess.
It's some work.
Okay, good.
I hate these freaking initializers.
Good.
That's way better. We still got vectors
and crap.
This is good.
It's better.
This is still a whole mess of code.
We've got a lot of the uh the jank out
of it, but there's a whole mess of code.
Okay.
Now decoder
I believe these two have
let's see mining grew
mining does not have
in order policy
yeah There.
This is part of why the policy is so
jank.
Policy should be very small.
There we go.
Still a mess.
Getting somewhere. These lines, you can
just tell looking at it. Look, these
lines are way too long.
So, we're either going to gain a ton of
lines or unstopp the code.
One of the two or both.
Oh, that's actually going to simplify
the policy backward a lot, isn't it?
Because this is all for the decoder.
Yeah, that's actually worth it. Yeah,
that's better. Look at this. So, policy
forward, policy forward, train, policy
backward. This is what we want.
This runs. This is good progress.
Hey, what's up
We are refactoring garbage.
And by garbage, I mean the fastest RL
library out there. But the code is
garbage and I got to fix it.
It's kind of crap.
It's not that that far off from being
good, but it's going to take some work.
Okay. So,
batch sizes for PO
512 steps long for roll out length.
Would you still keep
credit assignment? Wait, hang on.
Let me answer this. Let me pause the
music I have to answer this correctly.
So
needing credit assignment over 512 steps
in the general case is just impossible.
Like if you have a 512 exponentially
deep search problem, you just can't
learn that um with any algorithm. You're
screwed.
Now a lot of problems, right, they have
a lot shorter credit horizons that you
can just easily chain together.
So, you don't actually need really long
segments
because it's really hard to learn credit
assignment over super long horizons
anyways. And you do get a bootstrap out
of the um back prop anyways.
Uh
for 512 steps. So, the problem with if
you keep nums high, I think it's going
to be more efficient in puffer 4, but
you're going to make your training code
really slow,
right? Because So with Puffer 3, you
have the LSTM policy. So you're doing uh
sequential like the LSTM is sequential
over time steps that's really really
freaking slow. So it's kind of never
worth making your training super slow
because if it doesn't run fast enough to
train, it doesn't run fast enough to
train. Um, in puffer 4, I think you're
going to be able to take a trade-off
somewhere more in the middle because we
have parallel scan
u mining group. So, you get recurrence,
but you're it's not actually
it's not actually linear in time. It's
better than that. You get to paralyze
all the map moles.
So you can actually consider bumping up
the horizon and you won't need any
intuition because it'll just be part of
the hyperparameter sweep which is the
nice thing. So if that's a worthwhile
trade-off, it'll just make the trade-off
for you. Whereas in Puffer 3, it's not
going to make that trade-off for you
because it's hardware inefficient.
So that's a very engineering sided
answer but that's honestly how you
should be thinking about these things
because most of these decisions are just
purely speed and uh they have really
really really big impact on speed like
just the architecture change in puffer 4
allows us to actually consider your
question right because like in puffer 3
the answer would just be no that's too
slow to be usable
true for pretty much every other library
as well
transformers out of luck.
Mhm.
Did I see multiple buffers in here?
I thought I saw multiple buffers.
Does Puffer live? Hang on. Does Puffer
live? Yada yada yada. Pause this.
Standalone import.
No, it's standalone, man. You can go
grab it. It's just in popular sweep.
It's not really dependent on any of our
other stuff.
And protein is going to stay in Python
um for Popper 4.
So that'll just stay as is.
Our training back end in Puffer 4 is
going to be well, you'll still be able
to use pieces of it, but you're not
going to be able to use like pieces of
it um just by copying and pasting a
Python file because it's stupidly high
performance C and CUDA,
but it'll still be pretty solid.
We're going to leave Python training in
as an option. I think we're we're or at
the very least you'll be able to just
import like our coret and use that.
I know it's so difficult.
What do you do when the entire field has
just converged on a set of really
abstracted tools that are fundamentally
the wrong way to build stuff if you want
things to run at a reasonable speed?
Like we had to throw away torch.
Like you can still use it with torch,
but like don't kid yourself into
thinking torch is doing any of the work.
We're doing all the work.
All of it.
Wait. Decode train buffer
buff and grad target.
Huh?
Thanks precision. Lovely.
Okay. Well,
we'll have to figure out how to
simplify.
We added some code sadly.
Add like 100 lines.
I'm a little confused by this, honestly.
Does this actually do anything?
Accumulate into
I'm a little confused. I don't think
this does anything.
I think we're being stupid.
That's what's going on here.
If this is the case, then we can make it
simple enough.
Side monitor training progress
works been so ridiculous last few days
I've just had to keep to
That was a good find.
So that means that we'll be able to do
Yeah, that'll make it a fair bit
simpler.
That'll make it a fair bit simpler.
I think that was going to be
that alone will help a lot.
Let's see what it looks like afterwards.
Yeah, that's some [__] genetics you
got there, my guy.
Jesus.
Okay. Lifted for three years. My uh
resting heart rate was 83.
Lean.
Ran for three years. Got it down to like
day.
Hopefully I'm right about this.
Otherwise, it'll break [__]
We'll see.
This is the last thing I'm going to do
for the night as well.
This twohour stream
a little longer.
Not a bad extra evening session.
SP.
We probably can just put some stuff in
um
like these grabs and stuff can go into a
buffer.
Let's see.
That's substantially easier, isn't it?
There's still some like a bunch of
stuff, but
What in the [__] dude?
What the [__] is this?
I didn't have that before.
Cast
The [__] is this?
Okay. Well, I do have have to fix this
as well because
this is what language models do, by the
way. Totally superhuman programming.
Look at this. Like anonymous function
gather. Anonymous function gather
[__] calls it for some reason.
I'm going end up having to revert this
whole thing, right?
This thing is so stupid.
finish first.
We don't need the view.
Is it zeroing the grad?
If this breaks training, we're just
reverting it. And this thing is just
dumb as [__] I'm just going to call it
a night as well.
Just does random [__] for no reason.
is to Friends,
Yeah, we'll do this
swear thing just as
we will continue to fight the demons.
I swear.
It's like just a twisted logic, man.
I think that the new
the new um
latest opinion here is simply that most
devs as well as language models are
incapable of reasoning.
Let's go look back. In the meantime, we
may as well
Like what is something like this
adding us a bunch of freaking kernels
trying guys? It's so much [__]
At least here.
Okay, this is just a kernel call.
This is just like bad formatting.
Okay, I think these two are just bad
formatting for the most part. Maybe
signatures.
This is pretty simple.
We got too many of these little
functions.
I don't understand how it always adds
more code every time.
They should have removed a lot of code.
Guess
this is gone.
Feel
like freaking um Michelangelo here. Now
there's a statue in this shitty rock
somewhere.
Jesus.
The good news is more stuff is fused.
The bad news, I'm sure it's done in a
very stupid way
and possibly even broken.
Actually, I'd say there's a good 50/50.
This is broken.
I will say it's surprisingly good at not
breaking stuff.
It's really good at doing stuff in a way
that remotely makes any sense.
It's surprisingly good at not breaking
stuff,
but
it does that to you sometimes.
Zero's four
at least see what it did with Milan.
Well, this whole register buffers thing
is [__] done.
You don't need this.
This one is good here at the bottom.
I got to merge more of these fish in.
These are so funny.
I like this tank.
Just going to try to look for commits
and I'm going to lose my [__] mind,
It unvectorized my [__]
update, didn't it?
No wonder we're losing Perf.
The world's dumbest AI.
Lovely.
It's going to be some more work, guys.
This will be for tomorrow though. As
soon as I have a version of this build
that works
and call it for the day. Look at this.
Look how dumb this is.
Like literally
I don't know why it would try to do the
weight update there.
We'll get our perf back.
It's funny like we're not even we don't
even see the periff as badly here
because of how um how much lower
overhead everything is. But still,
what is this thing doing?
I hope we don't just have to revert this
stuff.
suck.
It didn't have to [__] do this the
thing. Should I just revert it?
I'll let it finish this and if not, I'll
revert it.
It just randomly decided to [__] all the
optimizer code.
I should have noticed while it was doing
it. This what happens when it's too
late. I get tired.
Nothing, Jess. Um,
I did one rep back up and it [__] with
something else for no goddamn reason.
Aside from the fact that this is doing
this inside the for loop for absolutely
no reason.
This will be better.
We have to revert.
We'll just restore to here and call it
for tonight. I'm too tired to deal with
this [__]
See, and here it's actually
it's outside the colonel here. So, it
just decided to [__] this for no reason.
All right. Yeah, I'm just going to call
it for tonight. I'm too tired to deal
with this. Um, I have some client work
to do tomorrow. I also have a
presentation to prep. I'm going to see
if I can also get some stream hours in
on this. We shall see.
But I got to call it for the night. I'm
exhausted.
Thank you all for tuning in. Start a
popper on GitHub if you want to help me
out. Um, this stuff is a mess. I'm not
going to release it until it's clean.
Like,
this code here can literally be as easy
or easier to follow than the equivalent
torch.
And I'm going to get it to be there and
faster.